In the last section we set up our initial list view implementation remember that list view exists for
rendering a long list of items in a memory efficient fashion.
Now our list of data is not very large of course.
I mentioned that several times but it's still worth getting familiar with the API inside of our library
list component.
We first initialized a data source for the list view and then we created an A list of components and
passed it.
The data source that we created.
The purpose of this data source right here is just a fancy little wrapper around the data that we want
to actually show inside that list.
And just about everything in here.
Everything up to this clone Rose is a 100 percent coffee possible.
If you go look at the official documentation you'll have you'll see the exact same code as what you
see right here.
The only real customization we had to do was make sure that we passed it our list of data that we want
to show on the screen.
So the last thing that we left off here was instructing the list view on how to render a very particular
row of the application.
So we need to tell the list view.
Hey if you want to read or just a single row like a single item inside the list please execute the render
row function right here.
So because our render row function needs to return just like a single row.
I think that maybe it makes a little bit of sense to make a new component to represent a single row
rather than adding a bunch more GSX into this render list component.
So let's make a new component called list item and it will be the purpose of it will be to just display
a single item out of our list or like a single row.
So inside my Capones directory will create a new component.
So I'll make a new file.
And I would call it list item.
J.S.
then inside of here will place in some of our usual boilerplate.
I am going to make this a class based component again because I think that we might need some lifecycle
methods or something like that in the future.
So at the top we will import react and component from react and also a class list item extends component
out in our render method.
And I'm just going to leave it empty right now.
Just bear with me for a moment.
At the bottom we will export default list item
and you are getting a complaint here that the render method Shavar return statement.
So we will take care of that in just a moment.
Now let's go back to our library list and render.
Wired this thing up.
So inside of library list we will first import the list item a list import list item from
list item
and then inside of our render row method right here we need to make sure that we return an instance
of the list item component.
The real question here though is when we create this list item.
So I returned the list item.
I need to somehow pass some configuration down into this list time component that says hey list item
you are supposed to show like this particular library right list item we can expect it to just like
magically figure out which item in the list it should be rendering.
We have to be very particular in telling it please show this item like this item out of a list.
So to help us out without the render Rove function is actually provided with an argument that we will
call library.
And so this argument right here.
The first argument to render Roe is the element in the list that it is trying to currently render that
the list of use try to currently render.
So at the end of the day if I have you are like say eight or nine items inside of our library list I'm
going to expect render rode to get called maybe like eight or nine times once for each library in our
list.
So I'm going to return eight or nine however many different list items.
Each one is going to be rendering a different library.
Now of course we need to communicate the library down into the list item so it knows what to render.
So I'm going to pass the library as a prompt to the list item.
I was going to call it again library as I mentioned many many many times before for components that
we create the names of props is completely up to us.
We can decide any name we want.
So I do not have to call this library just because this variable name is library right here.
I could just as easily call it like item or whatever.
I'm just choosing to call it library because it kind of makes sense to me.
OK.
So now as the last few tries to render each row is going to show a list item and it is now up to us
to make sure that the list item is going to take this library prob..
And you know it shows something reasonable on the screen.
So now let's flip back flip back over to the list item and make sure we use that prop adding in some
styling and get a really nice row to display.
Let's go ahead and take care of that next section.
Let's take a quick break and we're going to work on our list item component